In the last lecture we learned about the ESX way of writing such components.
Now when I use state to state I need to add another method to my component deconstructive.
Now that's a reserved method name constructors that iOS 6 feature and that basic needs to function which
is called whenever a new instance of this class is created.
When is such an instance created.
Well here when we tell react to use this app component then re-act will instantiated for us.
So therefore the constructor does its thing.
It receives something the props.
And now we need to call in the constructor body which gets executed whenever we create a new instance.
We need to call super props super Just cause the constructor of the parent class.
So if the re-act component since I told you that react manage just as prop's property for us and merge
us all the props we pass it automatically.
If we do set up our own constructor we need to call the parent constructor to allow re-act who still
do this merging.
After this we may run any code we want but here there is one thing I want to do.
I want to set my own state to do this.
I'll use a number property provided by the re-act component to state property so we have this process
for data from outside and does state for data from inside.
You could say data you may change inside of it.
This state is a javascript object which manages your state.
Perhaps all this a javascript object but managed by re-act for you here in this javascript object.
Simply Now one to set up key value pairs.
For example my name and you can set up any state you want here name now needs and initial state.
Because we're in the constructor.
So we're setting the state as it should be right at the start.
You could set this to max to a string Max.
But since we know that we get the state from outside via property we can also say prop's which is passed
to the constructor name and that's important.
You shouldn't try to change to prop's but using props to set the initial state as we do here is totally
OK.
Now with that we store the name and drop in state.
So now we can use this state name instead of this Propst name.
If I had control enter this still works.
Now however we can change the state whenever this button gets clicked.
So I'll add my click listener again and now I want to call a new method so I'll have to create it all
name it change name and new method in my class here and then change the name.
I know need to call a special method giving to us all to buy the re-act components plus it's called
Set state and I need this to access my CLOS itself and set state takes one argument an object and in
this Optik we set the new state.
So for example here today we want to set name to Anna and then react we'll take this object and merge
with the old state and if we had more props in there like for example D.H. that wouldn't get overwritten
if we only changed the name down there.
It will only override the state which we do set here.
So it will override name.
So now with that we set a new state we output the state here.
All we need to do is we need to call change name and we do that by calling this change name.
This is required because the render method is all part of the class.
So we need to call this to access a method of this class and no Also important indeed change a method
we're using this now if you know javascript you know that this can be tricky because if you use it on
a click listener like here and to click listeners so the user event the dom in the end is what caused
this Meffert.
This will not refer to this class at runtime.
It will refer to whatever calls this method.
So we need to call bind this year to make sure that we clearly tell javascript that this should always
refer to this clause to the context we're writing the code in.
Even at runtime if that's something which is totally unclear again that is a very important code concept
off Javascript definitely dive into some javascript course to understand how this works.
Now with this change if I now had control and for now watch Macs if I click Change name now it changes.
We're finally there but now embracing the re-act way of doing so.
Let me summarize what happened here.
To fully understand how this works and how re-act now updates to Dom.